Israel's war on Gaza is creating a
generation of traumatized
ues thousands of children across the
strip have lost one or more limbs since
the onslaught
began sham is one of
them sham was standing near the door and
a piece of shrapnel hit her hand I ran
outside and found her hand hanging by a
thread it took her hours to be seen by a
doctor as not a single Hospital in Gaza
is fully functioning despite the horror
of her experience sham was one of the
luckier ones her amputation was
performed with
anesthetic many other children must
endure having lymphs amputated without
pain
relief the situations Way Beyond the
medical staff's control given the
substantial number of injuries and the
lack of medical equipment and resources
that are required to deal with these
cases without access to proper medical
treatment child utees are unable to heal
physically or mentally a man son used to
be a quiet calm child but his mother
says he's now Angry and stubborn as he
struggles to accept his new
reality he always asks me will my hand
grow back or not and I do not know what
to tell him he thinks his hand will grow
back he does not know and I do not know
what to tell him he keeps asking me how
am I supposed to play football how am I
supposed to hold the
ball this little boy may never take his
first
step's father says he needs a bone graft
and needs to urgently travel abroad for
treatment but medical evacuations have
stopped since Israel took control of the
rafah crossing early in
may he has not seen anything yet he has
constantly suffering and screaming in
pain what has he seen of this world his
condition is terrible I ask that my son
be allowed to travel abroad and receive
treatment or he will lose his
foot doctors without bers has warned the
amputees in Gaza are at risk of fatal
complications because of lack of proper
medical treatment child imputes need
Specialized Care because their bones are
still growing care Palestinian children
are being denied hind
alaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer